would like you to pose posed this year we will win talk goes to fonda de
riders
France will end hours
winner federer
football referee
teacher too
in toledo percent we will give everything electrochoque the relations where the
poor areas matrices
I wanted to return the illusion of my true life out of play
The aircraft
percent
the professional stressed
too much here too much
this problem that we do not have hobby we do not have a shield that
defend because we have the federation could but it is not a dark one of a
club
we do not have a hobby so it's natural waters in which to cover meteorologists
effectively I always say that mistakes still have something of their own
in the navel see how low is said
and from there of value
and you want to be as fit as in the athletes themselves you do not have to
be very very fit
they are for more
other than playing sports it is clear that the players in this case
captain
the strength to flip between them postcard us us what is
clear is that we have to in a physical form to run sprint change of
Guantanamo rhythm so much evil owes us since October cd the referee runs more
than you that football players during a match
the kilometer 7 kilometers saez and more for the match will be vital
not only players so no more energy than smaller but not by
assumption that the election should be able
this is how it is done
yellow
red for the camera course jajajajajajajajaja this is who does
an illusion
elements of the opposition have counted many women this referee course to
this task we fight the years that yes that seven are pointing to the
which is catching
they animate each day more year attracts more and gives very good or good results
with my constituents that in the future there will be women in the professional league
As assured, be sure to note that right now, for example, we have a
compañera castilla-la mancha now feels safe and week is that in
castilla-la mancha we do not leave the table or second jazztel effectively to a
girl effectively 3
final go the expired
is as an assistant your measurement is to say that in those who are there I will
be there fighting with everyone
and that limit a girl who have distanced alexandre who is left
Clear that venezuela we are already accustomed of all the life of the
saturday to do what they can achieve that fell thrashed inaugurated or worse
still prisoner of his batch manager
the people who do not know what is
that they go to the field to 3 ar to another kind of possible double cd that has said go on
salaries that valenzuela curiosity means that the referees win is
a lot of money
we won
a money that depending on the category later efe clarified that the
Second division first division people can be considered and rags
professional go
but those who are below is still a young emulated by
say it
neither be of the holguineros is cautious for the kids for example that
they begin even for myself for example the boys come very well
for the weekends to go out and have a drink with the many friends of
seminars highlighted by previous aureus but then also
Well, the sports clothes that kids give the same suit that we
but in the same treatment that we have
ea the milk was cast those who are future referees is not in fact what they are
most bitter of your life should be here more than being here
any of the clubs so that the demand goes the new year
findings arises six professional referees
the professionals that follow well the pp
that way happens
the reactions that hooks
And followed
the actor of theater of castilla this year
and here said toni sang
and you do not find it is a dangerous profession
It will be at 17
following in other August
good thing has changed a lot of a few years to this part he is not the same what
that it was football formerly that was chasing people today
Thank God
he has the clearest things the clearest ideas and he knows that he can not go
there
dalma way they do not throw things into the field does not try to chase or sew
Sevillian that I do not understand with the CGI technology to include still
ghost goals
that controversy is still maintained and that in 2010 and not two for each category
of soccer for blind out the simulation as you know
but tomasa for a long time
by many technological means we include indigenous peoples what
they deserved to throw the ball clear that in fact you know in a championship Europe has
given of selections and it is elementary that it was nothing
even so it is going to continue being of the human error that is to say it is very complicated
include technology
in a football match for example I'm leaving and people always compare with the
American football that separated play that I am but look so much
that's not good faith of their goals because football has a rhythm has a style
of game is it a team that you're attacking you cut the pace for
example look on the screen without a goal has been has not been goal are you cutting the
rhythm
fuck frob is one thing that is
another one of the true rose caprice and add an interview with the colors
of the referee
suzuki weeks of low caracas
the secret recipe so that it bothers you a lot that you made
let's go slowly so we can talk
I was deaf to the beep that u at home surely equal or not gaps to
two teams we will see offer